# Webex Compliance Script

This python3 script allows you to process the folders and files generated by a Webex compliance report so it is
easier to read.

## Description and Usage

Since standard reports from Webex Control Hub are not easily digestable for human beings, this script will help you organizing the default reports. 
You need to download both the summary (CSV file) and detailed report (folder with all spaces as subfolders) as compliance officer and extract the detailed report in the same folder.

The script will first scan the summary report to match the space names with the space ids. Afterwards, it will go through all the subfolders of the detailed report, prepend the author of a message to each filename and change the modification date to the original date when the Webex message / event was sent / happened. Finally, the names of each subfolder will be changed so they also contain the space name in case of spaces / group chats or "Direct Chat" and the names of the two people involved in 1-to-1 conversations. That enables you to either sort by author name (filename) or by conversation history (file timestamp) in your file explorer.

Simply download the python script (webex-compliance.py) and save it to a folder where the summary report and the detailed report are located. Execute script the following way:
```
python3 webex-compliance.py <report-id>-spaces.csv
```

## Limitations

* Only messaging compliance reports are currently supported.
* The Python script needs to be in the same folder as the reports - don't use relative or absolute filepaths to use the script outside the local folder.
* Currently no checks are done whether the provided files and reports even exist. The python script will abort if files are missing.

## Authors

Clemens Geyer

## Version History

* 0.1
    * Initial Release

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details

## Further Reading

* [Webex Compliance Reporting](https://help.webex.com/en-us/article/nr70c1m/Ensure-regulatory-compliance-of-Webex-App-and-Meetings-content)
* [Webex Control Hub User Roles](https://help.webex.com/en-us/article/fs78p5/Assign-organization-account-roles-in-Control-Hub)